now Israeli forces have carried out air
strikes in towns in southern Lebanon the
Army released this video showing blasts
from their fighter jets among the
targets was Hezbollah infrastructure and
a military post it comes ahead of
hezbollah's leader Hassan Nala's
televised address which will take place
later this Friday let's go to Hena who
joins us now live from Beirut firstly
Zena bring us up to date on these latest
Israeli strikes on the border
well the cycle of violence continues
along Lebanon and Israel's border it is
entering its fourth month Israel
carrying out a series of air strikes
targeting what the Israeli Army says are
as well as military infrastructure
Fighters launch sites uh but as of late
Israel really has been stepping up its
attacks the intensification of the
conflict if you like the frequency yes
it's still confined largely um along the
120 km border 4 to 5 km deep on on each
side of the Border but what Israel is
trying to do is put pressure on the
Lebanese armed group Hezbollah it wants
Hezbollah to pull back because it
believes that is the only way the tens
of thousands of Israelis can return to
their homes in Northern Israel when the
conflict started when Hezbollah joined
the battle against Israel to help
relieve its Ally Hamas in Gaza tens of
thousands of Israelis were evacuated
from that area so what Israel wants to
do now is restore security Hezbollah is
refusing to do that it says that it will
not discuss anything along the border
until the attacks Israel's attacks on on
Gaza stop now the United States and
other Western countries have been trying
to reduce tensions along the border to
try to ensure that the conflict does not
widen or expand but undoubtedly we have
seen in recent weeks a gradual
escalation along that border and Zena
interestingly we are expecting a speech
from the uh head of Hezbollah Hassan
nasah in the next few hours this comes
just two days after he made another
significant speech uh what is the
feeling about what he's expected to
say yes in just under two hours the
second speech since hamas's number two
and hamas's highest official in Lebanon
Al aruri was assassinated in what was
believed to be an Israeli strike in
Beirut Southern suburbs in the heart of
hezbollah's stronghold on Wednesday uh
nasella called that a crime and said
that it will not go unpunished promising
retaliation but he also said that uh you
know the the the conflict along the
border will continue to remain
calculated he said yes Hezbollah is
ready uh you know if Israel were to
launch a full scale assault Hezbollah
will you know fight back with no limits
with no restraints but on Wednesday he
said that he would be providing more
details about um you know the state of
play if you like in the South that he
would be addressing the families of
those who have been killed the people
who have been displaced the latest
figure show nearly 880,000 people who
live in southern Lebanon have been
displaced from their homes so maybe this
speech will be more for the domestic
audience the supporters of Hezbollah and
just the general public in Lebanon to
explain you know hezbollah's limited
engagement because it is costly for this
country in terms of people being
displaced their livelihoods Hezbollah
has lost more than 140 men so in the
next in less than two hours we are going
to hear from him and you know he's
likely to explain more about hezbollah's
role in this ongoing conflict Z there in
Beirut thank you